com/ktpci/beacon/BeaconLocalBroadcastProcessor.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconLocalBroadcastProcessor
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconLocalBroadcastProcessor$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/RssiFilter.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.RssiFilter
com/ktpci/bluetooth/BluetoothMedic.java
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.BluetoothMedic
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.BluetoothMedic$1
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.BluetoothMedic$2
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.BluetoothMedic$3
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.BluetoothMedic$4
com/ktpci/beacon/pcireceiver/RunningReceiver.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pcireceiver.RunningReceiver
 com.ktpci.beacon.pcireceiver.RunningReceiver$1
com/ktpci/beacon/IntentHandler.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.IntentHandler
com/ktpci/beacon/BeaconParser.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconParser
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconParser$BeaconLayoutException
com/ktpci/beacon/utils/EddystoneTelemetryAccessor.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.utils.EddystoneTelemetryAccessor
com/ktpci/beacon/distance/CurveFittedDistanceCalculator.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.distance.CurveFittedDistanceCalculator
com/ktpci/beacon/service/scanner/CycledLeScanCallback.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScanCallback
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/reducer/ReducerDowngradeState.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerDowngradeState
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerDowngradeState$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/SettingsData.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.SettingsData
com/ktpci/beacon/service/ScanJobScheduler.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ScanJobScheduler
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/state/PCIState.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.state.PCIState
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.state.PCIState$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.state.PCIState$Type
com/ktpci/beacon/BuildConfig.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.BuildConfig
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/PCILog.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCILog
com/ktpci/beacon/C.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.C
 com.ktpci.beacon.C$BooleanSerializer
 com.ktpci.beacon.C$CheckoutType
 com.ktpci.beacon.C$Gender
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/core/PCIReducer.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.core.PCIReducer
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/core/State.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.core.State
com/ktpci/beacon/client/NullBeaconDataFactory.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.client.NullBeaconDataFactory
 com.ktpci.beacon.client.NullBeaconDataFactory$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/MonitoringStatus.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.MonitoringStatus
com/ktpci/beacon/utils/ProcessUtils.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.utils.ProcessUtils
com/ktpci/beacon/distance/DistanceCalculator.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.distance.DistanceCalculator
com/ktpci/beacon/BeaconConsumer.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconConsumer
com/ktpci/beacon/simulator/BeaconSimulator.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.simulator.BeaconSimulator
com/ktpci/beacon/distance/ModelSpecificDistanceCalculator.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.distance.ModelSpecificDistanceCalculator
 com.ktpci.beacon.distance.ModelSpecificDistanceCalculator$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/RangeState.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.RangeState
com/ktpci/beacon/service/RegionMonitoringState.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.RegionMonitoringState
com/ktpci/beacon/RangeNotifier.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.RangeNotifier
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/reducer/ReducerOptIn.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerOptIn
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerOptIn$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/scanner/CycledLeScannerForAndroidO.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForAndroidO
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/core/Action.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.core.Action
com/ktpci/beacon/client/BeaconDataFactory.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.client.BeaconDataFactory
com/ktpci/beacon/logging/InfoAndroidLogger.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.logging.InfoAndroidLogger
com/ktpci/beacon/logging/VerboseAndroidLogger.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.logging.VerboseAndroidLogger
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/reducer/ReducerDisagreeTerms.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerDisagreeTerms
com/ktpci/beacon/service/scanner/CycledLeScannerForLollipop.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForLollipop
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForLollipop$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForLollipop$2
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForLollipop$3
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForLollipop$4
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForLollipop$5
com/ktpci/beacon/KtBeaconWM2.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.KtBeaconWM2
 com.ktpci.beacon.KtBeaconWM2$1
com/ktpci/beacon/BeaconData.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconData
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/action/ActionFetchPolicy.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionFetchPolicy
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionFetchPolicy$1
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/action/ActionOptIn.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionOptIn
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionOptIn$1
com/ktpci/bluetooth/Pdu.java
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.Pdu
com/ktpci/beacon/BeaconTransmitter.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconTransmitter
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconTransmitter$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/ScanState.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ScanState
com/ktpci/beacon/logging/AbstractAndroidLogger.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.logging.AbstractAndroidLogger
com/ktpci/beacon/pcireceiver/UpdateReceiver.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pcireceiver.UpdateReceiver
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/state/PCIState3Active.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.state.PCIState3Active
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.state.PCIState3Active$1
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/action/ActionAgreeTerms.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionAgreeTerms
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionAgreeTerms$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/StartRMData.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.StartRMData
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.StartRMData$1
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/PCIAlarm.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCIAlarm
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/PCIChiper.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCIChiper
com/ktpci/beacon/BleNotAvailableException.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.BleNotAvailableException
com/ktpci/beacon/startup/RegionBootstrap.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.startup.RegionBootstrap
 com.ktpci.beacon.startup.RegionBootstrap$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.startup.RegionBootstrap$InternalBeaconConsumer
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/action/ActionDowngradeState.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionDowngradeState
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionDowngradeState$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/BeaconService.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.BeaconService
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.BeaconService$BeaconBinder
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.BeaconService$IncomingHandler
com/ktpci/beacon/KtBeaconWM.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.KtBeaconWM
 com.ktpci.beacon.KtBeaconWM$1
com/ktpci/beacon/utils/UrlBeaconUrlCompressor.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.utils.UrlBeaconUrlCompressor
 com.ktpci.beacon.utils.UrlBeaconUrlCompressor$TLDMapEntry
com/ktpci/beacon/pcireceiver/WakeReceiver.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pcireceiver.WakeReceiver
com/ktpci/beacon/service/scanner/ScanFilterUtils.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.ScanFilterUtils
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.ScanFilterUtils$ScanFilterData
com/ktpci/beacon/service/scanner/NonBeaconLeScanCallback.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.NonBeaconLeScanCallback
com/ktpci/beacon/logging/Loggers.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.logging.Loggers
com/ktpci/beacon/logging/WarningAndroidLogger.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.logging.WarningAndroidLogger
com/ktpci/beacon/Beacon.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.Beacon
 com.ktpci.beacon.Beacon$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.Beacon$Builder
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/PCIPackageUtil.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCIPackageUtil
com/ktpci/beacon/service/Callback.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.Callback
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/notifier/NotifierRoot.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.notifier.NotifierRoot
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.notifier.NotifierRoot$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.notifier.NotifierRoot$2
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.notifier.NotifierRoot$3
com/ktpci/beacon/service/ExtraDataBeaconTracker.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ExtraDataBeaconTracker
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/core/Notifier.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.core.Notifier
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/reducer/ReducerOptOut.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerOptOut
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerOptOut$1
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/Null.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.Null
com/ktpci/beacon/service/Stats.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.Stats
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.Stats$Sample
com/ktpci/beacon/Identifier.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.Identifier
com/ktpci/beacon/distance/DistanceConfigFetcher.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.distance.DistanceConfigFetcher
com/ktpci/beacon/startup/StartupBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.startup.StartupBroadcastReceiver
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/action/ActionDisagreeTerms.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionDisagreeTerms
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionDisagreeTerms$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/scanner/CycledLeScannerForJellyBeanMr2.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForJellyBeanMr2
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForJellyBeanMr2$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForJellyBeanMr2$2
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForJellyBeanMr2$3
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScannerForJellyBeanMr2$4
com/ktpci/bluetooth/BleAdvertisement.java
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.BleAdvertisement
com/ktpci/beacon/distance/ModelSpecificDistanceUpdater.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.distance.ModelSpecificDistanceUpdater
 com.ktpci.beacon.distance.ModelSpecificDistanceUpdater$CompletionHandler
com/ktpci/beacon/client/DataProviderException.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.client.DataProviderException
com/ktpci/beacon/service/ArmaRssiFilter.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ArmaRssiFilter
com/ktpci/beacon/logging/Logger.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.logging.Logger
com/ktpci/beacon/Region.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.Region
 com.ktpci.beacon.Region$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/scanner/DistinctPacketDetector.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.DistinctPacketDetector
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/reducer/ReducerRoot.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerRoot
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerRoot$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerRoot$1$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerRoot$1$2
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerRoot$1$3
com/ktpci/beacon/AltBeacon.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.AltBeacon
 com.ktpci.beacon.AltBeacon$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.AltBeacon$Builder
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/PCIFormatter.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCIFormatter
com/ktpci/beacon/logging/EmptyLogger.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.logging.EmptyLogger
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/PCISave.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCISave
com/ktpci/beacon/powersave/BackgroundPowerSaver.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.powersave.BackgroundPowerSaver
com/ktpci/beacon/service/RangedBeacon.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.RangedBeacon
com/ktpci/beacon/service/ScanJob.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ScanJob
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ScanJob$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ScanJob$1$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ScanJob$1$1$1
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/state/PCIState2Inactive.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.state.PCIState2Inactive
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.state.PCIState2Inactive$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/MonitoringData.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.MonitoringData
com/ktpci/beacon/BeaconManager.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconManager
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconManager$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconManager$BeaconServiceConnection
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconManager$ConsumerInfo
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconManager$ServiceNotDeclaredException
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/core/Reducer.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.core.Reducer
com/ktpci/beacon/logging/LogManager.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.logging.LogManager
com/ktpci/beacon/MonitorNotifier.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.MonitorNotifier
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/action/ActionOptOut.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionOptOut
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionOptOut$1
com/ktpci/beacon/simulator/StaticBeaconSimulator.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.simulator.StaticBeaconSimulator
com/ktpci/beacon/BeaconDataNotifier.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconDataNotifier
com/ktpci/beacon/pcireceiver/BootReceiver.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pcireceiver.BootReceiver
 com.ktpci.beacon.pcireceiver.BootReceiver$1
com/ktpci/bluetooth/BluetoothTestJob.java
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.BluetoothTestJob
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.BluetoothTestJob$1
com/ktpci/beacon/service/RunningAverageRssiFilter.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.RunningAverageRssiFilter
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.RunningAverageRssiFilter$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.RunningAverageRssiFilter$Measurement
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/core/PCIStore.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.core.PCIStore
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/core/AsyncStore.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.core.AsyncStore
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.core.AsyncStore$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.core.AsyncStore$2
com/ktpci/beacon/distance/AndroidModel.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.distance.AndroidModel
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/PCIStorage.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCIStorage
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCIStorage$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCIStorage$PCIGsonConverter
com/ktpci/beacon/PCI.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.PCI
 com.ktpci.beacon.PCI$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.PCI$PCICode
com/ktpci/beacon/service/scanner/CycledLeScanner.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScanner
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScanner$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScanner$2
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.scanner.CycledLeScanner$3
com/ktpci/beacon/service/DetectionTracker.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.DetectionTracker
com/ktpci/beacon/KtAdvertise.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.KtAdvertise
com/ktpci/beacon/AltBeaconParser.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.AltBeaconParser
com/ktpci/beacon/service/RangingData.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.RangingData
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/core/PCINotifier.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.core.PCINotifier
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/PCIPermissionUtil.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCIPermissionUtil
com/ktpci/beacon/service/ScanHelper.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ScanHelper
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ScanHelper$1
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ScanHelper$ScanData
 com.ktpci.beacon.service.ScanHelper$ScanProcessor
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/action/ActionType.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.action.ActionType
com/ktpci/beacon/KtBeaconWM3.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.KtBeaconWM3
 com.ktpci.beacon.KtBeaconWM3$1
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/reducer/ReducerAgreeTerms.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.reducer.ReducerAgreeTerms
com/ktpci/beacon/BeaconIntentProcessor.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.BeaconIntentProcessor
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/PCIWork.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCIWork
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/PCIStorageKey.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCIStorageKey
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCIStorageKey$StorageKey
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/state/PCIState1Default.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.state.PCIState1Default
com/ktpci/bluetooth/BluetoothCrashResolver.java
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.BluetoothCrashResolver
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.BluetoothCrashResolver$1
 com.ktpci.bluetooth.BluetoothCrashResolver$UpdateNotifier
com/ktpci/beacon/pciutil/PCITime.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciutil.PCITime
com/ktpci/beacon/pciredux/core/PCIStateChangeNotifier.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.pciredux.core.PCIStateChangeNotifier
com/ktpci/beacon/startup/BootstrapNotifier.java
 com.ktpci.beacon.startup.BootstrapNotifier
